Let's take a look at the course outline.
In your first lesson,
you will begin with streaming DataFrames in Spark,
including starting a Spark cluster,
deploying a Spark application,
creating a streaming DataFrame with Kafka and creating and querying a Spark View.
In the second lesson, you'll work with joint and JSON,
including parsing a JSON payload into separate fields for analysis,
joining two streaming DataFrames,
and writing a streaming DataFrame to Kafka.
In the third and last lesson,
you'll work with Redis,
Base64, and JSON, including manually saving to Redis,
reading Redis data from a Kafka topic,
parsing Base64 encoded information and sinking a subset of JSON fields.
In the project you complete at the end of the course,
you will evaluate human balance,
applying techniques from the course to a real-world streaming analytics application.